https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-20088 (#7969)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_config_policy_virt.adoc

Since this `acm-dr-virt-schedule-cron` ConfigMap is created and managed by the hub cluster backup component, you cannot change any of the existing cron properties or delete them. The properties are recreated when the content is reconciled. You can only add new properties to the existing ones. For example, if you want to create a cron job to run every Saturday, add the following label to the existing `acm-dr-virt-schedule-cron` properties: `every_sunday: "0 0 * * SAT"`. 

[#defining-virt-restore-configmap]
=== Defining the _acm-dr-virt-restore-config_ ConfigMap

> Use the `acm-dr-virt-restore-config` ConfigMap to define the restore operations to be implemented by the `acm-dr-virt-restore` policy. The ConfigMap is created by the hub cluster backup component in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace. 

Reviewer: Is the ConfigMap automatically created by the hub cluster backup component? Or do users use the hub cluster backup component to create the Configmap? 

```suggestion
Use the `acm-dr-virt-restore-config` ConfigMap to define the restore operations to be implemented by the `acm-dr-virt-restore` policy. Use the hub cluster backup component in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace to create the ConfigMap. 
```
